# Assignment5
DH150: Assignment05-Persona+Scenarios

## All 3 Personas + empathy maps:
https://github.com/samanthachiuu/Assignment5/blob/master/DH150%20Assignment%205.pdf

## Persona #1 Scenario:
Angie is a very involved student at UCLA and has a lot of weekly club meetings throughout the week. She is also taking 4 classes this quarter so her schedule is jammed pack. She has always been good at putting due dates and events in her calendar but is not very good with finishing her homework on time. Now, she plans ahead and puts down the exact time when she will work on the assignment and what day she will finish the assignment, which is usually the day before it is due. Angie puts down in her calendar that she will do her math homework from 6pm-9pm. When 6pm hits and it is time to do her homework, her social media apps on her phone is locked and she is not able to click into them. She tries to click on Instagram, but a message pops up saying “Do your work!”. Since she does not have social media to distract her, she goes back to doing her homework. After 3 hours of working on her homework, it is 9:01pm and her social media apps pop back open. She is able to continue the next thing on her calendar or finish up her work.  

## Persona #2 Scenario:
Emmalee just got into college and is still new to all the scheduling and classes here at UCLA. She is on the dance team, which is a very time consuming activity where they have meets and practices every week. She also has classes that she is still getting use to and other fun freshmen events that UCLA offers. She usually has trouble with time management and planning events because she always overbooks herself. She puts all of her dance practices into her calendar and then tries to add her office hours next week for one of her hardest class. When she inputs the office hours time, from 5pm-6pm, a warning pops up and gives her a warning that this event is happening at the same time as her dance practice. Because of this, she moves her office hours to another day and she is able to make it to both dance practice and office hours. 

## Persona #3 Scenario: 
Crystal is the most free this quarter because she is about to graduate from UCLA and has a full-time job lined up for her after she is done. This quarter she is only taking a few classes and wants to spend these last few months spending time with her friends and catching up with people before she heads into adult life. Crystal has not seen her really good friend in a few months and wants to catch up with her. She knows that her friend is a busy lady and wants to see when she has time to get lunch with her. Usually, she would individually text all of her friends and ask what their schedule is so they can find a time in their schedules to get lunch. It would take awhile to plan a time because they go back and forth with times and they have to wait for each other to reply. Now, she can go onto her calendar and search her friends name. (It will show up if her friends synced their calendar and she is a contact on your phone) She clicks onto her friends name and her calendar pops up. Crystal notices that she has a free block from 11am-1pm on Wednesday and schedules that with her. She also sends her a text letting her know that she scheduled lunch with her in addition to her note she adds when scheduling it in her calendar. 
